
Studying the motivation and result of trade are major topics in international economics literature.
(Motivation)
-Classical theory suggests tha differences in comparative advantage (Ricardo, 1817) or factor endowment (Heckscher, 1919) is a major cause.
-Result of trade in classical theory is specialization in many cases which run counter to the real world.
-New trade theory, which is a standard at now, has introduced scale of economies and firm heterogeneity (Melitz, 2003). It gives an explanation to intra-industry trade.

(Results)
-From Ricardian, mainstream of international economics has been consistently advocated free international trade by insisting welfare gain(Samuelson, 1939, Dixit and Stiglitz, 1977, Deardorff, 1980).

(Problem)
But still there is a controversal prospects for developing countries. A strand of literature each of which emphasizes importance of structure exists.-Prebisch-Singer hypothesis (Prebisch, 1949, Singer, 1950) which has served as a pillar of dependency theory postulates that terms of trade can be deteriorated by trade.
-Bhagwati (1958) proved the possibility of immiserizing growth theoretically.

(Structure 측정의 중요성)
Postponing a judgement of effectiveness of trade on economic growth of a country, it is evident that a developing country cannot catch up developed economies without changing production structure.
-Change in production frequently reflected change in export, and using a detailed product level export data instead relatively coarse production data is common in related research.

Hausman and Hidalgo() suggested that capabilities, which means non-tradable inputs, determines production structure as they assume a country makes the products for which they have required capabilities.

"Sophistication Level of a good" and "Export Sophistication Level of a country" invented by Rodrik(?) measure a product and a country's level of sophistication by average income of import countries.



producing relatively 


301-0191-6507-31





By estimating sophistication level of a country's export, economic agents can make a future plan.





Actually many government had been implemented import substisution industrialization



Outside of the literature, 




 to catch up predecessors.

properties of trade on national economies.


-
-R&D is a direct medium for catch up. Also


which high quality value-added 

Quality ladder

mainly exporting low value added products is hardly can catch up its 
-Catch up of production structure 



International trade transfers goods and services among countries.

T

-What if there is 


Which 